docs/headless.md, before:

# Headless Guide

## Running Project Locally

1. Activate store channel in the Channels Manager
2. Make sure that the buyer portal is running `yarn dev`
3. Add the buyer portal scripts to your headless storefront files running locally

- Script for the `<head>` tag

```html
<script type="module">
  import RefreshRuntime from 'http://localhost:3001/@react-refresh'
  RefreshRuntime.injectIntoGlobalHook(window)
  window.$RefreshReg$ = () => {}
  window.$RefreshSig$ = () => (type) => type
  window.__vite_plugin_react_preamble_installed__ = true
</script>
<script type="module" src="http://localhost:3001/@vite/client"></script>
```

- Script for the `<body>` tag and make sure to 

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Platform is required to load buyer portal properly, select one depending on [your store channel platform](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/rest-management/channels#platform)

> [!WARNING]
> Replace the `REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_STORE_HASH` and `REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_CHANNEL_ID` with the appropriate information

```html
<script type="module" src="http://localhost:3001/src/main.ts"></script>
<script>
  window.B3 = {
    setting: {
      store_hash: 'REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_STORE_HASH',
      channel_id: REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_CHANNEL_ID,
    },
  }
</script>
```

5. Enable `Custom (use for your self-hosted buyer portal)`

  - In B2B Edition App dashboard -> Settings -> Buyer Portal for global config ![Buyer portal type global settings](../public/images/buyer-portal-type-settings-global.png)
  - Or B2B Edition App dashboard -> Storefront -> Desired channel -> Buyer Portal for specific channel config ![Buyer portal type channel settings](../public/images/buyer-portal-type-settings-channel.png)

6. Visit the headless storefront and attempt to sign in.

**FAQs:**
- linters are not working: run `yarn prepare` first.
- `cross-origin` issues: update URL variables in .env to make sure api calls are using your tunnel URL with HTTPS.

## Deploying the project

Building your buyer portal application requires you to run the `yarn build` command. This command will generate a `dist` folder in the `apps/storefront` directory and inside an `assets` folder containing the compiled assets.

Make sure that you have configured the following `.env` values correctly before building:

- `VITE_IS_LOCAL_ENVIRONMENT`: Set this to `FALSE`
- `VITE_ASSETS_ABSOLUTE_PATH`: Set this to the URL where the assets folder is hosted. **Note that this needs to be the absolute URL to the `/assets` folder location where the build will be served from in production.** Also please include the trailing `/`.

  For example, if you deploy the contents of the `dist` folder built by running `yarn build` and hosted it at https://my.custom.cdn/generated/b2b, the value you should put is https://my.custom.cdn/generated/b2b/assets/.

Environment variables have been updated so you can run your UI directly into production storefronts.

Once you have uploaded the contents of the `dist` folder to your hosting provider, you will need to include a reference to the scripts in your headless site as well. It should look something like this:

```html
<script>
  window.b3CheckoutConfig = {
    routes: {
      dashboard: '/account.php?action=order_status',
    },
  }
  window.B3 = {
    setting: {
      store_hash: 'REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_STORE_HASH',  
      channel_id: REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_CHANNEL_ID,
    },
    'dom.checkoutRegisterParentElement': '#checkout-app',
    'dom.registerElement':
      '[href^="/login.php"], #checkout-customer-login, [href="/login.php"] .navUser-item-loginLabel, #checkout-customer-returning .form-legend-container [href="#"]',
    'dom.openB3Checkout': 'checkout-customer-continue',
    before_login_goto_page: '/account.php?action=order_status',
    checkout_super_clear_session: 'true',
    'dom.navUserLoginElement': '.navUser-item.navUser-item--account',
  }
</script>
<script
  type="module"
  crossorigin=""
  src="<YOUR_APP_URL_HERE>/index.*.js"
></script>
<script
  nomodule=""
  crossorigin=""
  src="<YOUR_APP_URL_HERE>/polyfills-legacy.*.js"
></script>
<script
  nomodule=""
  crossorigin=""
  src="<YOUR_APP_URL_HERE>/index-legacy.*.js"
></script>
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Replace the following values:
> - `<VITE_ASSETS_ABSOLUTE_PATH>` with the value you used for the environment variable `VITE_ASSETS_ABSOLUTE_PATH` (where your build is hosted)
> - `REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_STORE_HASH` with your store hash
> - `REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_CHANNEL_ID` with the headless channel id

Commit message:

feat(common): optionally remove hashes from entry filenames (#300)
* feat(common): B2B-2630 optionally remove hashes from entry filenames

* feat(common): B2B-2630 adding env variable to README

docs/headless.md, after:

# Headless Guide

## Running Project Locally

1. Activate store channel in the Channels Manager
2. Make sure that the buyer portal is running `yarn dev`
3. Add the buyer portal scripts to your headless storefront files running locally

- Script for the `<head>` tag

```html
<script type="module">
  import RefreshRuntime from 'http://localhost:3001/@react-refresh'
  RefreshRuntime.injectIntoGlobalHook(window)
  window.$RefreshReg$ = () => {}
  window.$RefreshSig$ = () => (type) => type
  window.__vite_plugin_react_preamble_installed__ = true
</script>
<script type="module" src="http://localhost:3001/@vite/client"></script>
```

- Script for the `<body>` tag and make sure to 

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Platform is required to load buyer portal properly, select one depending on [your store channel platform](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/docs/rest-management/channels#platform)

> [!WARNING]
> Replace the `REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_STORE_HASH` and `REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_CHANNEL_ID` with the appropriate information

```html
<script type="module" src="http://localhost:3001/src/main.ts"></script>
<script>
  window.B3 = {
    setting: {
      store_hash: 'REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_STORE_HASH',
      channel_id: REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_CHANNEL_ID,
    },
  }
</script>
```

5. Enable `Custom (use for your self-hosted buyer portal)`

  - In B2B Edition App dashboard -> Settings -> Buyer Portal for global config ![Buyer portal type global settings](../public/images/buyer-portal-type-settings-global.png)
  - Or B2B Edition App dashboard -> Storefront -> Desired channel -> Buyer Portal for specific channel config ![Buyer portal type channel settings](../public/images/buyer-portal-type-settings-channel.png)

6. Visit the headless storefront and attempt to sign in.

**FAQs:**
- linters are not working: run `yarn prepare` first.
- `cross-origin` issues: update URL variables in .env to make sure api calls are using your tunnel URL with HTTPS.

## Deploying the project

Building your buyer portal application requires you to run the `yarn build` command. This command will generate a `dist` folder in the `apps/storefront` directory and inside an `assets` folder containing the compiled assets.

Make sure that you have configured the following `.env` values correctly before building:

- `VITE_IS_LOCAL_ENVIRONMENT`: Set this to `FALSE`
- `VITE_ASSETS_ABSOLUTE_PATH`: Set this to the URL where the assets folder is hosted. **Note that this needs to be the absolute URL to the `/assets` folder location where the build will be served from in production.** Also please include the trailing `/`.
- `VITE_DISABLE_BUILD_HASH`: Set this to `TRUE` if you want to disable the hash in the build files. This is useful if you want to avoid updating the file names in your headless app everytime you deploy or if you are using a CDN that does not support cache busting with hashes.

  For example, if you deploy the contents of the `dist` folder built by running `yarn build` and hosted it at https://my.custom.cdn/generated/b2b, the value you should put is https://my.custom.cdn/generated/b2b/assets/.

Environment variables have been updated so you can run your UI directly into production storefronts.

Once you have uploaded the contents of the `dist` folder to your hosting provider, you will need to include a reference to the scripts in your headless site as well. It should look something like this:

```html
<script>
  window.b3CheckoutConfig = {
    routes: {
      dashboard: '/account.php?action=order_status',
    },
  }
  window.B3 = {
    setting: {
      store_hash: 'REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_STORE_HASH',  
      channel_id: REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_CHANNEL_ID,
    },
    'dom.checkoutRegisterParentElement': '#checkout-app',
    'dom.registerElement':
      '[href^="/login.php"], #checkout-customer-login, [href="/login.php"] .navUser-item-loginLabel, #checkout-customer-returning .form-legend-container [href="#"]',
    'dom.openB3Checkout': 'checkout-customer-continue',
    before_login_goto_page: '/account.php?action=order_status',
    checkout_super_clear_session: 'true',
    'dom.navUserLoginElement': '.navUser-item.navUser-item--account',
  }
</script>
<script
  type="module"
  crossorigin=""
  src="<YOUR_APP_URL_HERE>/index.*.js"
></script>
<script
  nomodule=""
  crossorigin=""
  src="<YOUR_APP_URL_HERE>/polyfills-legacy.*.js"
></script>
<script
  nomodule=""
  crossorigin=""
  src="<YOUR_APP_URL_HERE>/index-legacy.*.js"
></script>
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Replace the following values:
> - `<VITE_ASSETS_ABSOLUTE_PATH>` with the value you used for the environment variable `VITE_ASSETS_ABSOLUTE_PATH` (where your build is hosted)
> - `REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_STORE_HASH` with your store hash
> - `REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_CHANNEL_ID` with the headless channel id
